---
title:  "chapter 1"
categories: example
---
Three hundred years. Three hundred years. It took me three hundred years to escape for that god-forsaken hellhole of a forest. There was an implicit understanding that it took years to get out, but three hundred years was way too long.
--

Kyren squatted in the forest, warm grass squishing against his toes. He stared at the sun, feeling the warmth of the two-toned rays cascading against his sore and completely bereft of clothing body. The sun had been up for hours and the world was completely silent. Most forests had noises of the birds, the rustling of leaves, but this one had little-to-none. 

Legend of the Lost, or LoL for short was like that. It was a quiet game, one that left room for the thought. This time though, Kyren wasn’t as much pensive and much more lost. 

“What the fuck.” He said, his words susurrating through the quiet air. 
to 

The last that Kyren had remembered, he was immersed in his book as he was walking down the street. There had been an enormous screeching sound, a crash and pure blackness. When he opened his eyes, a walnut-crested table and an old man sat perched on the top of the chair to greet him. 

“Aah… Kyren correct?”, the man had said, his voice tremulous with indignity.

“Yeah, I’m Kyren.” he responded, a little indignant and a whole lot confused.

“You see Kyren, there’s been a mistake.” The man grinned sheepishly, “it turns out that we’ve had quite the accident trying to balance out the butterfly initiative. Apparently the person next to you was going to be quite the mass-murderer and we decided it be best to eliminate her first.”

“You mean Jess?” Kyler said.

“Ahh.. You know her…” If a person could sidle off on two inches of space that served as his seat, the old man sidled.

“Yeah, she’s the sweetest person I know. There’s absolutely no chance that she would ever go about trying to harm someone.” Kyler said, still trying to get his bearings. There were clouds. A lot of clouds. This wasn’t a hospital. 

“Yes, you see. That’s part of the butterfly initiative. She might not have the capacity to murder people, but somewhere sometime, she might have the influence to murder millions. We deemed it best to nip that right at the bud.” The old man said briskly. Then, he lept off his chair and strode up to Kyren.

“You however, are neither a butterfly or dare I say a factor that any of us considered.” His bright eyes confronted Kyren. Despite his long flowing white hair, the man stood six feet tall and had crows wrinkles on the side of his eyes. 

“We can’t put you back, but we can put you elsewhere.” He continued. “I think with the amount of time you spend there, you’ll be quite happy.”

“What are you saying?” Kyren said slowly, starting to comprehend that this was most definitely not the hospital that he had expected. 

“we’re going to put you in the world of Legend of the Lost!” God grinned. “You’ll do just fine there. In fact, I’m going to make sure that you have a couple benefits when you hop right in. You can make yourself a fantastic life there and who knows! Maybe you’ll be able to Ascend and hangout with the rest of us.”

With that, he gestured at Kyren and a hole opened up beneath him. 
Kyren fell. 


He fell for quite awhile actually. When he landed, it went “thumph.” 

No clothes. He had no clothes on. All except for a smart-watch that was tethered to his left arm. A tiny mail symbol swirled around on it. 

He pressed it.

“Greetings! We realized that you were going to be pretty confused here, so we decided to help you out with our signature Hossilｦ device. It’ll help you navigate the depths of Terra! Rest assured, it has a pretty long battery life. In fact, it might outlive you!” – the tinny speaker stopped. 

Kyren started to fiddle around with it.

_Inventory_
_Stats_
_Buddies_
_Map_

He selected Stats. 

Strength - 10
Dexterity - 10
Intelligence - 10
Luck - 5 

He selected Inventory.

Commoner outfit – 1x
Food – 1x
Water – 1x 

He selected Commoner Outfit.
There was a tiny sound, not unlike that of a cricket chirping. 

The clothes fell to the ground beside him. 
Kyren reached down and picked it up. Adidas trackpants and a Uniqlo set of undergarmetns, shirts and a bomber jacket.

He put them on. It wasn’t cold enough to warrant the jacket, but it was at least comfortable. 

He checked the Map. 

It was black. Of course. 

Kyren got up, stretched and started going for a walk.



There’s a voice that often whispers in our sad infantile heads, “you’re not going to succeed.”

Tristan set his withered arm down on the porcelain throne, his head pounding from overuse. It had taken him two long years to reach where he was now. A smile here, an outstretched arm there and a whole bunch of flattery to make it to the point where he could finally rest in peace. Yet, the responsibilities seemed to weigh all the much more where he was now. 

You see, sometimes the pursuit of power is significantly more attractive when you’re pursuing it than when you have it. It’s the burden of power that weighs so much more. 

“Mylord, we’ve received information that an other-worlder has been summoned by the Rives Nation.” the sycophant continued, “Our wizards were alerted by the systems that you had set up for the magical transitory flash when crossing borders.”

Tristan mulled over the news, his left hand massaging his poor-ole’ burdened neck. He could feel the pressing nature of it as he contemplated his own summoning. He’d simply been watching some good ole’ Netfrix when the darkness opened wide and deposited him buck-naked in the middle of the streets. 

“Do we know where the new OutLander was deposited?” Tristan asked, his mouth quirking into a grin as he intentionally emphasized the O and the L despite the complete lack of discernment from his entourage. It was the small wins that made the days all that much more worthwhile. 

“The outlander sits on the river Rhine. Our nation’s network of magicians after your guidance are remarkably more consistent and accurate after your tutelage.” He said. 

“Well then, are we planning to do anything about it?” Tristan asked.

“We’ve dispatched a pair of knights to intercept and incapacitate this future threat to your radiance.” The sycophant proudly said, his eyes gleaming in confidence of a job well done. 

Poor fool. 

“Hahahahaha….” Tristan audibly and pathetically laughed. You teach a group of people for years the importance of cunning and they learn a-b-s-o-l-u-t-e-l-y nothing. “Do we have anyway of contacting these knights?” Tristan asked, hoping to hear the words, “Of course sir! We presumed that your preferences might have differed from our own and had the forethought to add in some ‘wiggle-room.’”

Sadly, no one in the room had thought of that. 

“Of course not sir! We anticipated that speed was of the highest essence. The knights are riding at the highest speed they possibly can, doing their utmost to carry out your wishes as best they can. We presumed that the network you had set up was to eliminate any potential usurpers to your throne!” the messenger said, his chest thrust out. 

“Okay.” Tristan said. He was feeling a little Minnesotan. A little blue, a lot passive aggressive and very, very cold because of his environment. “Well, we best try catching up with the OutLander afterwards. I hope he won’t be too negatively inclined that we attempted to slaughter him.” 


