---
title: "Argument"
---

This entire thing around tilting is kind of interesting. It's about how you navigate an argument. How you surpass the conversation and are able to reach a resolution that both sides are equitable with. Just watching how professional League players interact give me a small degree of
insight as to how people should continue to look at the issues in their own lives. I think that one of the most crucial things to understand is how other people are frustrated and try to meet them there. That being said, being able to understand your own strengths, your own play styles and honestly whatever you want to keep on doing matters just as much. It's important to see both sides of the issue and just push whatever you think is best.


I don't think there's really too big of a point that I can make here. Outside of all the content that I've been consuming, the thoughts I've been thinking and also the entire idea of, "Don't take things so personally" I think there is a lot of stuff that I can work on in pushing forward.

1. Don't take things so personally.
I think this means that it is not a slight on my character when someone criticizes me. If a project fails and I know that I didn't try my utmost, it is not an impact on my direct character that I was not able to succeed. Much more than that, it is a picture of who I am as a person that I can bounce back after failures. I know who I am. I know what flaws I have and how to work around these things. I've been working around them for the past twenty-three years. I genuinely think that the most important perspective going forward needs to simply be progressing as a character. It's seeing who I am and seeing what else I can do in the future. The same goes with my purchases, my desires and my honest opinions on things. I shouldn't shutdown and refuse to work on things anymore. It's more important to just understand that things need to happen and they happen only if I commit to understanding others and understanding myself.
