---
title: "Reset"
--- 
 
Hi. I’m Linus and I’m twenty-three years old. In some people’s eyes, I’m the crust that they rub out in the morning as they wake up to live their highly successful lives. But in other people's eyes, i’m a boyfriend, an employee, a college graduate, a son and a friend. I can choose to define myself and be defined by so many ways. 

There are so many things that I can bring to the table. Things that I believe in, that I smile and give to the world to see, all things that can be cast aside by people who often don’t seem to care. 

But for me, that tends to be the beauty of things, innit? 

-beat- 

It’s about creating, learning to love, and bringing the other into the world. To be a recipient of knowledge and sharing it to others. Not in a pretentious way. Not in a horrifyingly condescendingly disgusting way.

In a way where you smile and laugh and love and most of all bring change.

I find that my my writing can be juvenile at times. Sometimes, people get hung up on the juvenile and never look past to see the ever-breathing world beyond it. They obsess, they break their hearts over petty grievances. They see angst in my writing because it reflects their own. They never really seeing the sparkle, the diamond that shines in the rough. 

I may be twenty three. I know that I am young. But my experiences are just as valid as your own. 

This is my story. 

----

"Ambient Noise"

Starts off with music with a slow rythmn.

dut dat dat. 

Alright, So I heard this theory recently about Ikigai. 

It's kind of like a ven flower-gram about Happiness. It's about doing what we love, versus what we're good at, versus what the world needs and what you get paid for. If you manage to pull off the quadifecta, you've reached or Ikigai or Happiness. 

You know, the first job I ever had, the one that you have to interview for and the manager had a legitimate desk? He asked me, "What makes you get up in the morning?"

That's kind of all he asked. I was lucky enough to have an in, simply because I knew someone else that was also part of the program, but I genuinely think that my answer gave him some comfort because I ended up getting the job! 

There's this theory that being young just means that we haven't had time to become disillusioned with life yet. My friend and I were out walking around a corporate park and we were realizing that that the breath of vitality we had a few years back was kind of fading. I sometimes think that the manager asking me that question had some underlying selfish reasons behind him asking. Maybe he was asking himself," What makes me get up in the morning?" There certainly wasn't anything too glorious about working IT for a large Big 10 school. 

His day most likely consisted off turning on laptops, diagnosing malfuncitoning projectors and really just being an adult in a room of collegiate students trying too hard to be an adult. 

I digress.

I write because I want to write. I love because I want to love. That's why I do these things.

I think the nuance here is now that I need to figure out who we are going forward. There's a lot of vitriol that comes from trying to make sure that other people understand ethnic culture and background. One of the funniest moments I had was my boss asking me if I understood what the wedding toss was during the reception. There's a lot of interesting things that happened and continue to happen and it's kind of up to us to determine what's legitamite and what's not. 

I realize that it's tough. It's really tough. The world outside is kind of cold, dark and for many people just overbearing and overwhelming. 

I simply hope that this provides a little breath of air. 

