---
title: "Chapter 5"
---

I'm most likely going to just wipe out this entire other world arc. I like the idea of putting someone in a place where they'ren ot completely comfortable with, but I sitll want to figure out what's going on going forward. 

Is this going to be a super pedantic story?

Is this going to be a journey of self exploration?

why do people like sharing about themselves and telling their own individual stories to the world? What can I do in order to either rectify the problem or communicate ways by which others express themselves? 

I want a strong characer. Maybe I should try writing essays from the M.C's perspective. 


--- 

An essay by Kyren - 

I'm twenty-three years old and I'm just full of exceptionalism. What is a story that I can tell about him that'll be both interesting and a little fun? 

Let's do a quick bio. 

Hi Journal. 

I picked up this moleskine notebook off the ground earlier today. It had a couple of pages written in it, something about I am Tom Marvolo Riddle, but I ripped those out and threw them awaay. What's was their trash is my gain, am I right? 

Really though, I've been wanting to keep a journal for awhile, but I honestly didn't even know how to get started. So, I'll just kind of plunge into it right now, stream of consciouness and all that.

Let's see... Who am I? I'm a twenty-three year old resident of the a middle-of-nowhere suburb. Think twelve reasons why without the drama. Actually, I'd say that the drama might happen, but to be honest I do my best to stay out of it. Really, I do my best to stay out of all of it. Look at it this way. If Jeff and Marry tried to talk to me, I'd be stuck talking with them. I like them and all that, but I just can't seem to grasp why school is so important that they'd sacrifice so much to be there. 

What else has been going on in my life... I'm in community college for that matter. The grand ole' Ploughskie Community College. Been there for the past five years. I'd like to say that I've been keeping myself busy, but Nick and Nate and Erin all graduated and from what I see on the 'gram, they're living very fulfilling and expensive lifestyles. 

Ugh. Wish I had money like them. Or the werewithal to travel in the way that they travel. All I've been doing is staring at a brick wall, just hoping that something would happen. Anything really. 

Someone very recently asked me when was my life going to begin. I told them that it began 23 years ago. Someone asked me if I was happy. I told them that I was alright.

I definitely don't *feel* angsty. I'm a pretty chipper fellow I'd say. Maybe some problems with anxiety, but I've never really seen myself freak out the way that I've seen Nick and Erin freakout in Highschool.

I've also been reading these Isekai novels and I'm super jealous of them. Could you imagine journal? If I could be transported to a different world, with a whole set of powers? I'd be able to do so many things! It'd be awesome. Instead, I'm just rummaging around the community college catalogs looking to take these nearly 'meaningless' business classes.

I really just want my life to begin and to be frank, it hasn't.

Yeah, I guess that's about the long-end and the short-end of it. I'm pretty bored. bored. bored. boredd.....

---


"What are we going to do?" a muffled voice said, the hushed judgemental whispers echoing down the hall, "I'm worried he's not making any friends."

Kyren could barely make out what his parents were saying. This had been pretty par-for-the-course for the past twenty three years he'd been living there. It's true that Asian households had somewhat different cultural values around their children staying at home, but frankly, a parent's concern about a home-stuck child was pretty universal. 
He wasn't too worried about what his parents were saying. They'd always been pretty even-keel about his path through college. Maybe it'd been that Kyren never seriously acted out, but there was definitely some sub-text about ensuring that he was busier with life. He'd always thought that he'd be out in the world, doing some consultant gig or even just building out these great worlds with his friends in a video game company. 

Instead he was sitting in his ratty high-school-era ottoman, staring at the ceiling of his bedroom, lit with the faint and fading luminesence of his childhood stars. 

"They're going to take him from us." said his mom, a concerned tone in her voice. 

"Who will take him?" asked his dad with a deep timbre in his tone.

"You know *them*" she said, her voice pretty clear that she knew dad knew and that literally everyone else in the world knew.

"They won't do a thing to us." Kyren could hear his dad say, but the sound grew pretty muffled as he proceeded to place his highschool-era headphones on.

There was Youtube that needed watching. 

That little black journal lay on his desk, opened to the world and simply forgetten. He hadn't finished it. 


----

Two years later. 


"We're here for the boy."

Kyren looked aimlessly at the ceiling. The stars had faded a little more. His ottoman increasingly more and more ratty. The more things changed, the more things stayed the same. 

He could hear the protestations of his mother. The guttural remarks his father was saying, despite knowing that his son was being held exactly to his rights or lack thereof

At the age of 25, Kyren had relinquished his rights to make his down decisions. There'd been quite the change in the policy after the collapse of the New World Governement. Things were different now. People who didn't contribute were provided for, but they were quite certainly not cared for.

He was a quarter century old. Children grew up at fifteen in other countries. In his country, some sat around until they were bitterly old. 

He'd not felt bitter about it, but Kyren wasn't suprised that this had ended up happening. He'd never held down a job, he'd been taking various community college classes half-heartedly for the past seven years with little to show for it and his parents were whiling away their retirement funds trying to get him out of the house.

He'd done nothing to mitigate it. He wasn't a troublemaker, drug-use was a minimum and he'd never devleoped a taste of drinking alcohol. To be frank, he'd never really be invited to drink it with anyone. 

The government program was called KESPA. It's been forumulated by some smart, probably-high-acheiving collegiate turned senators around the simple fact that the policy around Universal Basic Income couldn't be implemented across a nation. 

They had attempted small subsets of groups with universal basic income, randomized sets of people and even varius ethnic groups. That last one had caused quite the hubbub. However, the entire concept of UBI had never been fully realized until one of the senators attempted to implement it in a self-sustaining community. It'd take a few years to truly bear fruti, but the first KESPA colony had been started while startlingly successful results. They'd also been alarmingly grateful to that particular senator. Turns out, if you pay for someone's livelihood, people attribute gratefulness to near religious worship. 

It was at that point, people started to look outwards. Like really outwards. 

Kyren smiled wryly when he thought about the first -meta-colony- on Mars. It'd been heralded as the first civilization on another planet. 

It had already been quite the adventure trying to maintain an ongoing effort for the scientist and the other technicians that had landed on the planet previously, but people few and far between even desired to live the subsistence lifestyle that the techincians were subjecting themselves to. 

It was only until they were 



















-

She'd been pushing for him to go and do something, so Kyren had established awhile back that he'd join the military if it'd get her off his back. It hadn't. In fact, after talking to the military recruiter, he'd been quite intrigued by how much value the armed force had put on *responsibility*, *honor*, brotherhood and trust. His dad was pretty non-committal, but he'd been pretty intrigued by the proposition earlier on. It might be a learning experience at the very least. 

The crux of the matter was that the team was shipping out by the end of the year. It'd given him some time for him to get this things sorted, but to be frank he'd been sorted two years ago. Despite his time in community college, he'd felt that he really had nothing to show for it. 






























