---
title: "Chapter 3"
---
“One gold piece can’t buy you anything but two buns and a bit of’ cream spread between” – Old Beggar

Kyren waltzed into the small village with the obsequious confidence that came from a man who thought he knew everything. He nodded to the industriously working villagers, sauntered around town until he got to the inn and waltzed up to the brick counter adorned with an overweight, but oddly cherubic inn keepstress.
 
“Room and board for the month” Kryen said, proudly placing his Gold – 1x down on the counter. 

It clinked. 

The innkeepstress looked at the man standing before her. He was bedraggled, clad in clothing that very much indicated that he was not from the region. His quirky grin simply served to enhance the appearance of a pauper that had somehow lucked into an incredible wealth. However, this particular pauper was an idiot. 

“This isn’t enough for room or board for one day.” She said, brushing the gold piece into her pocket. “I’ll give you a nights meal, but you best leave my place beforehand!”

Kyren was indignant.

“What! Give me back my gold!” he exclaimed, clambering on top of the countertop to reach over and pull back his money. “I know this is worth a month at the Saluborious Boar over in Navarick!”

The innkeepstress scuttled backwards, her broad hands pushing the seemingly senseless loaf off the counter. The man had a lot more strength than his frame seemed to indicate.

“Shoo!” She said, reaching in and placing the gold back on the counter. “If that’s what you think it’s worth in the Salubrious Boar, then pay your wages there. I’ll tell you this, this region hasn’t accepted gold pieces in centuries!”

“Centuries!” Kyren said, his forehead wrinkling in confusion, “yesterday, I could split a gold piece into 100 silver and 1 silver into 100 copper! 1 copper was worth one piece of bread from what I remembered.” 

“We’ve switched off the gold ‘tender’ years ago! Blame the Demon Lord Maoyu for all of that!” The innkeeper said, “we’re a much more emancipated system now, utilizing a system of credit tendered by eatable goods and a currency named Chip’O’Tule” 

Kyren calmed down, cocking his head and looking curiously at the innkeeper. This was significantly different from what he had expected. 

First he had been attacked within minutes of landing by some sort of reactionary system that was much faster than he’d anticipated. Secondly, the economic system was vastly different from what he’d anticipated in the region. 

This wasn’t exactly the Terra that he had expected. There was more nuance here. Something had changed. 

“beep beep.” 

His watch motioned.

“Excuse me,” Kyren said and moved to sit on the nearest chair in the brightly lit inn. 

He pressed on the mail button. 

“Greetings Kyren!” a cheery voice said, voice echoing into the air. “So I heard you also got deposited here quite unceremoniously?” the voice continued, soundly oddly… familiar. 

“Hello?” Kyren said, his head cocking to the side. “Who is this?”

“It’s Jess.” The watch responded. 

“Jess?!” 

“Yeaap. Add me on your watch so I can find you!” the voice said. “Just scroll down to buddies and add my name, Jess Harra to the list!”

“Got it.” Kyren, scrolled on his watch looking for the appropriate location to enter the information.

“J-E-S-S H-A-R-R-A” he said, muttering under his breath. It was quite a sight in the medivial fantasy world of Terra as he attempted to navigate using his smartwatch. 

“Dink!” the watch exclamined and a green person icon appeared to the side of the screen. 

Buddies [1/1]
_ Jess Harra – Riven_ 

“Got it!” he said, and then proceeded to fat finger the icon to see more options. 

_whisper_
_trade_
_find_

He pressed whisper. His watch proceeded to unfold, quite contrary to the dimensions it was presented with and opened up to a conical speaking section facing towards him. 

“Hello?” He said tentatively. This very much did not seem like the act of whispering.

“Heya,” Jess responded, a wry chuckle emitting from his wrist.  “Where did you end up landing?”

“I’m stuck in Riven. Do you know at all what’s going on Jess?” He said. 

“Not a clue, Ky” she said. “I’m over in Navarick, so it might take a bit for us to meet up.”

“Are things… weird Jess? I can’t seem to pay for anything like old Terra.” 

“Yeah, things are really off Ky. There’s a skeleton named Ainz that seems to have set up show over here and he’s really really intimidating.” She said, her voice wavering a little. 

“He suggested that I contact you and just tell you that you’re okay. I need to step out soon Ky, but just keep on trucking! Lord Ainz said that we’ll do just fine!” She said, her voice slowly disappearing from the call. 

“So how’d the call go?” the innkeeper said wryly, looking at Kyren with a friendlier look. This was just an OutLande that was confused. He wasn’t too different. It was quite certainly a rare occurrence, but definitely not something that’s never happened before. 

“it went… alright?” Kyren trailed off. “Is there anyways that I can get room and board regardless of the money? I can work for it” he said. 

“Ah, that I can definitely ask for. With DemonLord Maoyu doing her thing, we’ve never been busier!” The innkeepstress said, “My name is Demosthenes by the way. I’m an OutLander like you.” 

She reached back over the counter and patted Kyren on the shoulder. 

“It’s going to take awhile getting used to it, but we’ve made ourselves pretty happy where we are.” She said, a grin spreading across her face. This was going to be fun. 



“It takes a tortoise to beat a race, but a hare can most certainly leap to conclusions.”

“So you’re telling me that God just put all of us in one world…?” Kyren said slowly, not sure if he comprehended everything that De’ was saying. 
 
The pair of them had retreated to a private room in the back and had been talking for the past few hours. 

“Yep. When I say all of us, I mean all of us” De’ said, a grin on her face. 

“That we all were once… important for our independent worlds, but now we’re stuck here together?” Kyren continued…

“Yep. I used to run an awesome tavern in the Empire where we served Japanese food to these Roman soldiers, but after the Portal, I’ve been stuck here for the past four years.” De said quite –matter-of-factly-. “it’s actually been pretty nice. You get kind of lonely being the only one from your own world for awhile.”

“So you served in a tavern… Demon Lord Maoyo was an economist…. Ainz played a lot of a video game….?” Kyren was slowly working through it, “but, but what about me!?”

“Really, what about you Kyren,” De said. “I still don’t really understand how you ended up here. 

“I don’t either! I think Jess was supposed to be taken over here, but God said I was just an accident!” Kyren exclaimed in frustration. Nothing had been solved in the past two days except that he had gotten more and more confused with how things were going. 

“Honestly, I’m a little more loss with you than I am with other folks that show up.” De’ said. “Generally, it seems like this area is the finishing area for a lot of heroes before they Ascend. You, my friend, don’t seem remotely close to finishing.” 

“And Ascension! What’s this ascension thing that I’ve heard talked about?” Kyren asked, his brow furrowed in thought. He had a headache and he was reasonably certain there was no fantasy equivalent to Tylenol. 

“Oh, Ascension is when you feel like you’re ready to go back home. I think the concept is that you’re supposed to go through the hero’s journey and return back to Earth all the better for it.” De’ said. “Do you have a headache Ky? I have some painkillers if you need ‘em.”

“Painkillers!? How do you get painkillers?” Ky exploded. “What in the world is going on!? I don’t understand anything at all!”
