---
title: "Chapter 4"
---

De’ smiled and turned around to pickup the painkillers from her shop that was connected with a convenience store in Japan. Typical Isekai stuff. 

As she turned around, she just caught sight of Kyren storming out of the inn into the street. 
Unfortunately, she also saw Kyren get absolutely demolished by a wagon recklessly moving at death-killing speed. 

“Ah. He’s one of those types.” De said matter-of-factly. 

--

“A new day, a new me and a new type of thing!” 

Kyren slowly opened his eyes. Again. 

The sky was green. 

“GOD DAMNIT”

Kyren yawned. Again. 

“THIS IS THE SECOND TIME IN TWO DAYS.”

He looked around this time. 

The surrounding area was dimly lit, but he could make out a few generic play structures scattered around the park. His body lay on the freshly cut astro-turf as he stared blankly at the green lights of the sky. No injuries. Just a bruised ego.

He rolled onto his arms and just stared face-down into the ground, taking in the ambient noise around his surroundings. 

The typical bustle of the city cascaded around him. Cars churned, houses creaked and the sounds of people arguing surrounded him. It wasn’t starkly different from Minneapolis. The weather was warm enough. Cold enough to merit a jacket, but Kyren had none of that. He felt as cold as a marmot looking at a human wearing his friend’s coat. 

Kyren grunted as he slowly got up. Oddly enough, he was still wearing his ‘comfotable clothing’ and his Hossil was still attached to his wrist. 

He tapped it. Jess still showed up as an active member. He tried to whisper her. A caution symbol appeared with the message 

_You can not whisper people within an Instance_

He groaned.

Of course. How could he have been that silly. Obviously you couldn’t message someone when a miscellaneously vehicle hit a person literally into another reality. 

Stats _

 He selected Stats. 

Strength - 10
Dexterity - 10
Intelligence - 10
Luck - 5 



He selected Inventory.

Commoner outfit – 1x
Food – 1x
Water – 1x 
Knight Outfit – 1x
Gold – 1x
Sword – 1x 


“Well, that’s interesting.” Kyren muttered to himself. It appeared that everytime he was knocked into a different reality, he retained the core items. 

He got to his feet and looked around. It seemed like a typical world, albeit with green sky.  He started to walk outside of the park when a young voice stopped him. 

“Did you come to save me?” the childish voice asked from the swingset beside him. 

Kyren turned around to look at whoever spoke up. He was met with the vision of a stereotypically sweet child, amber eyes looking up to meet his face with childlike sweetness and guileness. 

“What do you need saving from?” Kyren asked. He’d always had a fondness for helping others, especially those that couldn’t help themselves. That’s how he had gotten all wrapped with Jess earlier. 

“I need to fight the evil monsters!” the child said, as he got up from the swing and waddled over to Kyren. The child was clad in a strangely shaped outfit, oddly militaristic in its look. “can you help me?” 

“Joseph!”, a motherly voice called from the distance.  “It’s time for dinner!” 

Joseph looked at Kyren and then started waddling home. His job was apparently done. 

Kyren looked around in confusion. He had tensed, waiting for some spectacular event, only to realize that he was alone in the park. Alone, hungry and tired. 

Food. That was the first thing on the itinerary. Food and a place to sleep. Kyren started down the street, looking around with a grin on his face. This was much more more familiar to him. Albeit without the green sky. 

He stopped by a Taco Berr. The very normal-looking human grunted as Kyren walked up to the counter. 

“Is there anyway that I can get something  if I don’t have cash on me?” Kyren asked. He didn’t want to deal with another world’s financial system without understanding what was going on.

“Yep. We stopped charging for food after our great benefactors came down and saved us.”, the fast-food worker droned in an voice. “What do you want?”

Kyren cocked his head and glanced at the menu. Everything seemed pretty standard fare. There was the $1 Grande Burritos for sale, the Grilled Stuft Burrito and even the Nacho Supreme which no one had ever ordered in the history of Taco Bell. 

“I’ll take four Grande Burritos and a Crunch Wrap supreme…?” he said cautiously. “and who are the…” The employee had already walked away to prepare his order.

He sat down on a table, looking around in blank confusion. There were other customers in the region, seemingly perfectly normal. They were in various states of enjoying their food, clad in perfectly normal clothes and having what seemed like perfectly normal conversations. 

Kyren glanced at his watch. Despite its ability to store items in interspatial absences, it failed to do one of the most crucial things that watches were built to do. Tell time.

As he sat there, Grilled Stuffed Burrito sitting heavy on his stomach, the earth outside began to shake. Oddly, the ground within Taco Berr was still.

A high pitched whistling sound started to echo through the streets as a large circular disk began to descend from the sky. Kyren looked around in askance, confused as to why the other residents of the city were not reacting in any such way.

A loud voice boomed throughout the city, “We the Great Benefactors return. We  give thanks for all that you’ve done and wish to impart our tribute to your great nation. Indeed we have Benefacted.”
A green light washed over everything, including the food within Taco Berr and began to shiver. Kyren looked at it in confusion. 

His half-eaten burrito started shaking, violently so. So did his crunch wrap supreme and the whole assortment of food that he’d had for himself. 

With a pop it disappeared. Then it appeared again, completely whole.

He looked around in amazement. Everyone’s plates behaved similarly. No one was reacting, no one was saying anything. Some of the restaurant goers had their head dipped in a reverent fashion, but that was the sum of it. The sum of the absolute marvel of it all. 

Kyren got up and left the restaurant to get a better look at the green light.

“Die!” yelled a piercing shriek, to his left. 

Kyren startled, ducked to his left to see a man dressed in a uniform very much alike what Joseph had earlier, running in a full-sprint towards the UFO hovering in the sky. It looked somewhat futile as the flying saucer seemed to be hovering high, high above in the air.

“You took my nephew you bastard!” the man yelled, and then fell to the floor, gasping futilely. He collapsed to the floor. A green light shone on him. Kyren gasped, as the man simply vanished…

He turned around to look if anyone had been watching. All around him, there shone interspersed rays of light that seemed to target specific individuals. 

After a few minutes, the rays of lights faded. The UFO itself disappeared back into the sky, turning the sky back to the uniform blueness that had been there earlier. 

Kyren cocked his head. He started walking towards a hotel. Maybe he’d find his answers asking someone at the bar. 

The hotel was beautifully appointed and astonishingly busy. 

“One pilsner” Kyren said, pulling a chair up to the bar. Then, he turned to his left and said, “I’m new here. What’s up with the big pie in the sky?”

He’d never imagined saying that. Ever.
 
His intended recipient of conversation just laughed, got up and left. “Don’t want to talk about it, bud.” He said as he left. 

Kyren turned to his right. 
“How come everything is free here?” He asked, hoping that this would be an easier way to start the conversation. 

“The great Benefactor blesses us.” The woman said, her eyes glazed over from a little too many drinks. “It restores and generates a wellspring within all of us.” 

“Ah, the great Benefactor is it? How come it does that for us?” Kyren asked, his head spinning. The pilsner had quite the effect on him. 

“For-unto us….” the woman continued on, her plastered voice unsteady, “we have received our worth, giving up nothing but a child” she said, and then toppled to the floor with her other compatriots that were already asleep on the floor. 

Kyren sat there. All around him, people were toppling to the floor in various states of inebriety. The hotel smelled like sweat, the stench of stale breath and far too many beers left open. Even the bartender smiled blearly, his iris’ dilated from some substance. 

Kyren stepped away from the bar and walked up to the hotel desk. “Can I get a room?” he asked, honestly not sure what to expect. 

“Most certainly. You’re room 31” the hotel attendant said, his own eyes glazed over. He handed Kyren the card-key and returned to his monitor. Kyren walked to his room.

It was beautifully appointed. He flung his body onto the bed, closed his eyes and slept. 

It was all just so strange. ..


