---
title: "Chapter 5"
---
“Things happen all the time without anyone intending for them to happen. They only take it for granted and sometimes make sure that they don’t happen again.”

Kyren woke up with a smile on his face. This had been the most comfortable way to start a day. A beautiful sunrise, a pliant bedframe and most of all some good ole’ peace and quiet. 

He rubbed his eyes as he slowly got out of bed. 

That most definitely had been a sight to see earlier on. An old man perched on the back of a chair alongside a walnut table. That most definitely hadn’t made any sense. God was definitely taking some authorial liberty there and quite possibly with little to no editing.

Then there was that time in Terra. So many things, so many people and then…. A wagon!? 

Kyren sat straight up.  He wasn’t in Terra, or at home. He was in a hotel that hadn’t charged for his stay, ate an off-brand Taco Berr and witnessed the strangest Alien sighting ever. What in the world was going on. 
It was strange. Everything had seemed so normal, but also so different. What made the items in regenerate the way that they had been regenerating. More so than that, why was everything free. What had happened to this world. 

He stepped outside of his room, descended the staircase to really survey the city that he had somehow landed at. It was largely bland in texture. People strolled around, almost as if they had no urgent things to do. 

There was one individual, shouting on the sidewalk that really caught Kyren’s expository interest. He was a little confused and didn’t seem to know where he was going with himself. 

“And all ye’ shall fail!” the naysayer was preaching, perched atop his wooden pallet, artisinally fashioned of course. 

“Fail what?” Kyren responded, looking up to the surprisingly dapper and well-fed itinerant preacher. 

“Ye’ shall fail when the accounting comes!” The man said, glancing down at Kyren. Then, in a much more normal voice said, “Are you talking to me, my man?”

“Yeah, everyone else seems to be ignorning me.” Kyren said.

“Ah. Well, when the world turns all gray like it’s been, sometimes you just kind of get… stuck.” The man said, hopping off his artisinally crafteds crate and thrusting his hand out to Kyren. 

“Name’s Benjamin. I’m very certain that you’re not from the area… In fact, I wouldn’t be surprised if you weren’t even from this world.” He said with a wry smile. “Not much suprises me these days.”

“Yep, my name’s Ky.” Kyren said, grasping Benjamin’s hand with a firm shake. “I’m definitely new here. Everything seems… similar but it’s not.” 

“What do you mean by it not being similar?” Benjamin asked, quirking his head. “Are you one of those fancy-dancy… parallel adventurers that I’ve read about?” 

“You know, you’re not wrong….” Kyren said, his brain starting to cogitate what had been going on. Sometimes it helped to have some expository help to work through all the things that were happening to him.

“Well, what year was it where you’re from? I’d guess pretty close to our year since you’re still clad in Adidas and Uniqlo.” Benjamin said, appraising the confused stranger. 

“Yeah, I’m from Minneaplis, Minnesota, 2019.” Kyren said. 

“Ahh, Minneapolis. I heard it’s cold there!” Benjamin said. “Well, just to give you some context, it’s only the year 2020, so I’m guessing that your time for the so-called great Benefactors just haven’t visited you yet.”

“I heard about the great benefactors earlier!” Kyren exclamined, “Who are these guys?”

“Well, I’m pretty sure you’ve already seen the grey space ship with that wonky regenerating ray?” Benjamin said. 

“Yeah! I had a burrito from Taco Berr and it just turned back into a full burrito again!” Kyren said. Finally someone was going to start explaining things to him. 

“Yep. So about a year ago, they showed up and started blasting the same voiceover that they always seemed to be blasting.” Benjamin said, a frown on his face. “For the sake of all of us, we can’t really figure out what the sacrifice was that they keep on thaknking us for.”

“Was anything happening before the… UFO showed up?” Kyren asked, marveling at how strange it was to just casually discuss the existence of a UFO. 

“Well, to be honest there’s been a pretty crazy amount of things going on.” Benjamin said matter-of-factly. In fact, he said in the way that things really did matter. There’s a lot of information that he personally was digesting as well. 

“for instance, a random hospital in the UK was on the moon for a few days… There was a situation where a giant reflection of the earth was in the air for awhile…” He said slowly, then perked up. “Oh yeah, and the case of the disappearing pyramids! We lost the great pyramids of Gaza for a short while.”

“You lost the pyramids of Gaza?” Kyren asked.

“Yeah! We lost those guys. There used to a fellow who would fly around in a blue telephone box everywhere, but I honestly haven’t seen him that much anymore. Do you think he had something to do with it?”

“Who? Who was this guy in the box?” Kyren said, slowly realizing what was going on.

“Not sure! I think some people would say that he went by the name of the Doctor…?” Benjamin said, smiling as he said it. “Quite a silly name, wouldn’t you think?” 

“Quite silly…” Kyren said, laughing helplessly to himself. He’d somehow now ended up in some actualized version of Dr. Who. 


“In any case Kyren,” Benjamin continued, “Nothing really changed after the benefactors showed up. They keep on giving us stuff! For the most part it really hasn’t changed that much outside of people just not really working anymore.” 

“What do you mean not working anymore?” Kyren asked.

“Turns out if everything is provided for you, there’s not much incentive to do much else!” Benjamin said, “Even this itinerant preacher gig is something I picked up just for the heck of it.”

“What about those guys in the uniform?” Kyren asked.

“Ahh, you met the Resistance.” Benjamin said with a long sigh. “Yeah, those guys tended to be a lot more popular when the Benefactors first started appearing. Apparently some lady named Rose would lead them.” 

He turned around to look at the lack-luster individuals walking around the area. “To be honest, haven’t really heard much from them recently.” He said. “I think one of the best ways to counteract a resistance movement is to just ignore them. Turns out there can’t be much resistance if there really isn’t an opposing force.” 

“Are people happy?” Kyren asked, incredibely confused. This was… different. People always had problems where he was from. Even guys born with silver spoons had something to say. 

“Not sure!” Benjamin said. Then he started packing up his things. “Well, I’ve got to go to my video led aerobics class! It was great fun chatting with you Kyren.” With that, Benjamin strode off leaving Kyren in a somewhat stunned silence. 

“Is this really it?” Kyren said to himself. “and honestly… does this need changing?” 

He walked to the nearest store and grabbed himself a laptop.

He went back to the hotel.

Accessed the wifi.

Looked up Legend of the Lost. 

“Guess things aren’t that bad.” Kyren said
