---
title:  "Chapter 2"
categories: example
---

Kyren stretched. 

There’s often a still and silent voice that generally says nothing at all. That voice was not present within Kyren’s head. It instead said, “WHAT ARE WE GOING TO DO!”

Kyren yawned. 

“SERIOUSLY. WE’RE IN THE MIDDLE OF NOWHERE. WE LITERALLY JUST DIED.” 

Kyren waved at the pair of knights riding towards him at breakneck speed. Their swords glinted and flashed in rays of the sun. 

“WE’RE LITERALLY GOING TO DIE AGAIN.”

“Shh.” Kyren shushed his internal monologue. It surprisingly wasn’t being very helpful. 

He could feel the earth shaking rhythmically to the force of the incredibly large horses as they rode towards him. People never appreciated how large a horse is until it was galloping at them with literally breakneck speeds. 

He was surprised how calm he felt. It had been literally fifteen minutes since he’d been deposited in this world, but he knew enough about the Terra to be prepared for an encounter very similar to this. 

He held his hands out, gestured towards the knights and flicked his wrists, almost like Spider-high man or the fantasy equivalent, arachna-person. Flames spit out from underneath his wrists, almost like that of a Starcraft Firebat except with a much higher base-heat and a much more satisfying sound. 

The horses were bathed in fire. As living and breathing creatures, they very much did not prefer this change in environment and immediately broke their gallop, flinging their riders high into the air. 

Kyren grinned. Terra wasn’t at all different from what he’d expected it to be. One of the crucial things that apparently God had forgotten to check was the stat values of the game. 

Most characters started at: Strength – 1
Dexterity – 1
Intelligence – 1
Luck – 0

He was at an order of magnitude stronger than the typical beginning adventurer. The flames, well that was just a special secret. One that Kyren had discovered while playing the game a long long time ago. It was an easter-egg left in by an enterprising programmer a long long time ago. 

This served to validate and affirm two things. One, that Legends of the Lost didn’t behave at all like the real world. In fact, this living breathing world still adhered to some of the game mechanics built by humans for a virtual world. Two. That his in-game knowledge would transfer over swimmingly. 

The knights, their armor red from the flames slumped over on the ground. The flames quickly puttered out. Kyren stalked towards the bodies, his own un-clothed body could feel the warmth reflected from the heat of his own spell. Two major pre-requisites for that Flame Gout had been that the character needed to be both unclothed and unclassed. It was also a one-time use ability. 

“YOU JUST KILLED A PERSON.”

Kyren frowned. These bodies weren’t disappearing like they would have in-game. In fact, they simply lay there, the odd singed smell of cooked flesh wafting in the air towards him.

“Oh shit.” He said, his hand moving to cover his mouth. He hadn’t anticipated real-death to be a factor.  “Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit.” He said, his head shaking as he started to panic.

The bodies started fading away. Their essences wisped into the air, leaving behind a very conveniently placed pouch in their place. 

“Oh thank God.” Kyren sighed, wiping his sweaty forehead with relief. It was so much more real than anything else, but it seemed that the world adhered to the rules that he still expected. He crouched next to the pouch and opened it. 

An in-game screen appeared:

– Would you like to open the bag? – 

He opened it. 


Knight Outfit – 1x
Gold – 1x
Sword – 1x 

It was oddly less detailed than Kyren had initially anticipated. The Knight Outfit  like an oddly broad description for what it necessitated. Gold and Sword also seemed purposely… ambigious. Legend of the Lost was known for the complex systems and these items were certainly not complex. 

He selected the Knight Outfit and equipped it. 

“Ker-thunk.” 

The armor made an audible noise as it marerialized in mid-air, clad all around his body. It chafed. A lot. 

-Unequip-

“Ker-whoop”

Yeah, he’d need to find some other clothing. Right now Kyren was going to stick with his MFA outfit.  

“whoomph.”

It was time to start walking into the sun. Not at all sure what was going to happen, but an adventure awaited him nonetheless.

Tristan wryly smiled, watching Kyren from the distance. Seemed like the new OutLander had his head on his shoulders. He’d let him rest for awhile. Rive wasn’t the worst place to start. He’d had to start in the Empire of Khusa. That was definitely not the best experience. Nazarick. Now that was an entirely different story.

