---
title: "On Money"

---

Lately, I've been burdened by money.

Money is one of the things that seems to affect everyone. You hear about how many times blunders are made, simply for the sake of money.

There's an entire contingent of things that deserve some degree of consideration, but at the end of the day, I think money seems to win out.

There is some  validity to saying that we are overly burdened by the things that we care the most about.

I just want to be able to justify what I worry about in front of my peers and those that I care about.

It isn't really that easy to kind of sit back and look at that part of myself, but regardless, this is something that I'm interested in doing.

It'd be cool learning how to facilitate something that truly does value.

So yeah, let's talk about money.

Money takes a lot out of us. There's this constant push and pull to get more of it.

In general, I don't really understand what it does that'll be any good for me.

Maybe I'll become increasingly desensititized to it. Maybe I just need to recognize that I should be a little better.


I have a great job and a great career.

that doesn't mean shit.

What are things that are going to make me happy. That bring me joy and push me onwards.

How do i make things brighter in the face of all of it.

What can I say that'll speak truth to the lies that we so often see.

---
Okay, let's get some work in. Or at the very least, let's take a look and see what we can do.

First things first, let's tackle what it means to make money.
